I had a few bug light so it's gonna be a
good tuesday yeah damn alright scotch
tape coming soon another classic beat
from res on a classic track whoa there's
getting their heavy on my wayward son
there'll be peace when you are done lay
your weary head to rest don't you cry no
yeah I'll buy you get to witness like
Anthony Weiner he shooting dick pics
yeah cuz I get it on the lam maybe that
you do should fucking resemble yeah I
can do this shit pronto Red Sox on a
streak fucking gonzo man I love it dude
yeah my word let the acquisitions love
Crawford yeah let's do it from the phone
son and I hear the fucker Oh run done
yeah and I know what my girl cuz you
know that everybody rockin out the world
here yeah you've been holding like the
cavs now LeBron James it's for the mass
of the fucking trophy do it for the
crown cuz only one team can hold it
fuckin down carry on my wayward son
there'll be peace when you do
don't you cry now
yeah you can see me passing them that
adds better than Cardassia getting ya
see the detail about to ruin bring a cup
whole like your neighbors awesome doing
but I hold this light you got it women
do it like i can drop it yes / like
you're gonna on the phone knocked out
like owned by mr. wrong
what I'm dropping I can say in this shit
gets weird like president when he's
making beats and he's backing that
playoff beard yes Holden and I do with
like you see it when I drop the guy was
too slow of the draws a motherfucker I
didn't get in time to spit his typing on
a new car
he'll be there
we're too
yes and don't you
joshie
you are
mirian too
Oh
yeah I'll buy you get the witness like
Anthony Weiner his shooting big pics
yeah cuz I get it on a line maybe that
you do should fucking resembling yeah I
can do this shit pronto Red Sox on a
streak fucking gonzo man I love to do it
yeah my word let the acquisitions love
Crawford yeah let's do it from the phone
son who the fuck rope run done yeah and
I know what my girl cuz you know that
everyone be backing out the world yeah
yeah you can hold it like the cavs now
LeBron James it's for the Mavs hold the
fucking trophy do it for the crown cuz
only one team can hold the fucking down
here carry on my wayward son there'll be
peace when you are they over here too
don't you cry no more
yeah you can see me passing them that
adds better take a dash you get in here
see the thief yeah I'm out everywhere
Britt Nicole like your neighbors awesome
rules but I hold this right you got it
damn it do it like i can drop it yes
older like you're gonna hold the phone
knocked out like owned by mr. bro yes
well I'm dropping I can say in this shit
gets weird like it resonate when he's
making beats and he's backing that
playoff beard yes Holden and I do it
like you see it when i drop it that was
to slower to draw some motherfucker i
didn't get in time to submit this topic
dollars those from do de Leon